data_list=[
"A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.",
"I did not know how to reach him, how to catch up with him... The land of tears is so mysterious.",
"I remembered the fox. One runs the risk of crying a bit if one allows oneself to be tamed.",
"When someone blushes, doesn't that mean 'yes'?",
"You're beautiful, but you're empty. No one could die for you.",
"The proof that the little prince existed is that he was charming, that he laughed, and that he was looking for a sheep. If anybody wants a sheep, that is a proof that he exists.",
"No one is ever satisfied where he is.",
"I was too young to know how to love her.",
"I am who I am and I have the need to be.",
"But the conceited man did not hear him. Conceited people never hear anything but praise.",
"Men have no more time to understand anything. They buy things all ready made at the shops. But there is no shop anywhere where one can buy friendship, and so men have no friends any more. If you want a friend, tame me...",
"For millions of years flowers have been producing thorns. For millions of years sheep have been eating them all the same. And it's not serious, trying to understand why flowers go to such trouble to produce thorns that are good for nothing? It's not important, the war between the sheep and the flowers? It's no more serious and more important than the numbers that fat red gentleman is adding up? Suppose I happen to know a unique flower, one that exists nowhere in the world except on my planet, one that a little sheep can wipe out in a single bite one morning, just like that, without even realizing what he'd doing - that isn't important? If someone loves a flower of which just one example exists among all the millions and millions of stars, that's enough to make him happy when he looks at the stars. He tells himself 'My flower's up there somewhere...' But if the sheep eats the flower, then for him it's as if, suddenly, all the stars went out. And that isn't important?",
"I have always loved the desert. One sits down on a desert sand dune, sees nothing, hears nothing. Yet through the silence something throbs, and gleams...",
"People have stars, but they aren't the same. For travelers, the stars are guides. For other people, they're nothing but tiny lights. And for still others, for scholars, they're problems... But all those stars are silent stars. You, though, you'll have stars like nobody else... since I'll be laughing on one of them, for you it'll be as if all the stars are laughing. You'll have stars that can laugh!... and it'll be as if I had given you, instead of stars, a lot of tiny bells that know how to laugh ...",
"What does tamed mean? It's something that's been too often neglected. It means to create ties.",
"The only things you learn are the things you tame",
"One runs the risk of weeping a little, if one lets himself be tamed.",
"You're not at all like my rose. You're nothing at all yet. No one has tamed you and you haven't tamed anyone. You're the way my fox was. He was just a fox like a hundred thousand others. But I've made him my own and now he is unique in the world.",
"I ought not to have listened to her,' he confided to me one day. 'One never ought to listen to the flowers. One should simply look at them and breathe their fragrance. Mine perfumed all my planet. But I did not know how to take pleasure in all her grace.",
"You will have five hundred million little bells, and I shall have five hundred million springs of fresh water...",
"If you tame me, it would be as if the sun came to shine on my life.",
"Men have no more time to understand anything. They buy ready-made things in the shops. But since there are no shops where you can buy friends, men no longer have any friends.",
"All grown-ups were children first. (But few remember it).",
"Of course, I love you,' the flower said to him. 'If you were not aware of it, it was my fault.",
"The thing that is important is the thing that is not seen.",
"It is much more difficult to judge oneself than to judge others.",
"You know...my flower...I'm responsible for her. And she's so weak! And so naive. She has four ridiculous thorns to defend her against the world...",
"\"Ephemeral\" It means 'which is in danger of speedy disappearance.",
"He fell as gently as a tree falls. There was not even any sound..",
"The house, the stars, the desert -- what gives them their beauty is something that is invisible!",
"\"My life is very monotonous,\" the fox said. \"I hunt chickens; men hunt me. All the chickens are just alike, and all the men are just alike. And, in consequence, I am a little bored.\"",
"Sometimes, there is no harm in putting off a piece of work until another day.",
"Only the children know what they are looking for.",
"Grown ups never understood anything by themselves. And it is rather tedious to have to explain things to them time and again",
"It is much more difficult to judge oneself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself rightly, then you are a man of true wisdom.",
"Words are the source of misunderstandings.",
"And the little prince broke into a lovely peal of laughter, which irritated me very much. I like my misfortunes to be taken seriously.",
"\"What a queer planet!\" he thought. \"It is altogether dry, and altogether pointed, and altogether harsh and forbidding. And the people have no imagination. They repeat whatever one says to them . . . On my planet I had a flower; she always was the first to speak . . .",
"I know a planet where there is a certain red-faced gentleman. He has never smelled a flower. He has never looked at a star. He has never loved any one. He has never done anything in his life but add up figures. And all day he says over and over, just like you: 'I am busy with matters of consequence!' And that makes him swell up with pride. But he is not a man - he is a mushroom!",
"But if you tame me, my life will be filled with sunshine. I'll know the sound of footsteps that will be different from all the rest. Others send me back underground. Yours will call me out of my burrow like music.",
"I believe that for his escape he took advantage of the migration of a flock of wild birds.",
"He had taken seriously words which were without importance, and it made him very unhappy.",
"If you come at four in the afternoon, I'll begin to be happy by three.",
"One must require from each one the duty which each one can perform. Accepted authority rests first of all on reason.",
"Straight ahead you can't go very far.",
"One sees clearly only with the heart. Anything essential is invisible to the eyes.",
"I wonder if the stars are lit up so that each one of us can find her own star again.",
"My drawing was not a picture of a hat. It was a picture of a boa constrictor digesting an elephant.",
"To you I am just a fox, like a hundred thousand others, but if you tame me we shall need one another and I shall be unique to you in all the world.",
"Don't linger like this. You have decided to go away. Now go!",
"But I, alas, do not know how to see sheep through the walls of boxes. Perhaps I am a little like the grown-ups. I have had to grow old.",
"I remembered the fox. You risk tears if you let yourself be tamed.",
"Wait for a time, exactly under the star. Then, if a little man appears who laughs, who has golden hair and refuses to answer questions, you will know who he is, If this should happen, please comfort me. Send me word that he has come back.",
"If I am attempting to describe him, it is in order not to forget him. It is sad to forget a friend. Not every one has had a friend.",
"The thing that is important is the thing that is not seen",
"Nevertheless he is the only one of them all who does not seem to me ridiculous. Perhaps that is because he is thinking of something else besides himself.",
"If someone loves a flower of which just one exists among all the millions and millions of stars, that's enough to make him happy when he looks at the stars.",
"If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.",
"Will you draw me a sheep?",
"It's good to have a friend. Even if you're going to die.",
"If you love a flower that lives on a star, then it's good at night, to look up at the sky. All the stars are blossoming."]

query=input("query:")
print("Given query is..")
words = query.split(" ")
for word in words:
	print(word)
row = []
for word in words:
	row.append(word)
for j in row:
	if(j == 'or'):
		for i,quote in enumerate(data_list):
			found_at = quote.find(row[(row.index(j))-1])
			if( found_at >= 0):
				print("Found at ", i, "..."+quote[found_at:found_at+50], "...")
		for k,quote in enumerate(data_list):
			found_at = quote.find(row[(row.index(j))+1])
			if( found_at >= 0):
				print("Found at ", k, "..."+quote[found_at:found_at+50], "...")
		
	elif(j == 'and'):
		for i,quote in enumerate(data_list):
			found_at1 = quote.find(row[(row.index(j))-1])
			found_at2 = quote.find(row[(row.index(j))+1])
			if( found_at1 >= 0 and found_at2):
				print("Found at ", i, "..."+quote[found_at1:found_at2+50], "...")
	elif(j == 'or' and 'and'):
		for i,quote in enumerate(data_list):
			found_at1 = quote.find(row[(row.index(j))-1])
			found_at2 = quote.find(row[(row.index(j))+1])
			if( found_at1 >= 0 and found_at2):
				print("Found at ", i, "..."+quote[found_at1:found_at2+50], "...")
	else:
		print("Please mention 'and' or 'or' key words in your query")
